you don't remember anything I say huh
yeah really melodramatic didn't my told
me that you weren't really on a vacation
you can lose a job or your good
boyfriend then work out you are out of
control fine I packed your things
they're in the bedroom
what and since you didn't have any money
decide to move back here anything else
[Music]
let's remember anything the
unprecedented nature of this believe
that hang around know you're watching
something is going to change the powers
in history
alright just is this nervous tic I have
I get the thing up here they play
in backs I'm fine but it just made a
bunch of weird hand gesture
especially you got something
it's been dancing like ocean boy that a
helicopter literally the pilot and
everything
in a good show
oh she's the monster